don't black in the more fucking period
and liver docile our Liao's what it is
this your family a rider who you drop
back so it was how we hold ourselves no
see a sign what it do swanging a
swerving to see hey I got the cockpit
smoke that 80 foes coke dad don't Blake
meaning with the gooks a slow death trap
some folks on your big grill swing right
brittle metal label crime thievery or
his father like Alicia Keys figured of
like this oh no school Chevrolet's and
pylons it depresses I can't forget the
legs would you would never scare will be
praying friendship and Spain's I'll sit
in the fields i mimic a the world riding
my candy girl I'll it's a good
who's old school
no sooner are
so we're not
I'll be crossing here here by the
climbing slams the pillow beside me put
snap to the chase even then let some
fresh slip so please leave a like a plan
that it means so bring your brilliance
in the truck we might say that cated
pray for a swank I don't play some
reason slip so clean
I didn't mean to bring your little
signature Opry tonight say he prayed
Frank swing down no please stop great
stay flat in the more folklore only
throw I stay hide in the motherfucker
i'ma slap cooking on cloud nine some
afraid to expand on that iphone 5 like I
see I ride my healing warriors I'm dad
getting brain like a really good shoe
has a people do the rule I let the
problem single pros twist the book the
dolls on the Browse leaving so sick no
shit I'm clean a little bright house be
down your black light then they cut your
lights out I'm my stout boom addressable
mouth so the boys how we hold down south
and sound brow real to the wrangler
peace to the train the crib to the car
car wheels to the brain pill
by the Grand Slam is to breathe will
preside a footstep to the tears even
that little bridge bridge you must slip
so please let the Panda that means don't
bring your brittle sinotruk I'll be that
he'd pray for swag down i won't glyph
I'm prison bridge in the slip so green
with my like a crime that it means oh
great roots in the truck off in SA
pray French my god no
right angle is the Birdman read the
ridge road in sweet
blockbuster nuts my lady
shit
go
great
waffle maker
breathe